good morning it's november
5 2020 and it's a thursday
here in l.a some
clouds in the sky this morning
the moon still up there
a pretty strong wind blowing here this
morning
70 degrees fahrenheit right now around
21 celsius this morning i woke up
thinking of dave brubeck in his quartet
and a song written by paul
desmond from the album
time out from 1959
take five
should be going up to around 89 degrees
fahrenheit this afternoon about 32
celsius and it looks like
we're going to be having clouds most of
the day
all along the way no blue skies and
golden
sunshine and i think this wind is
bringing
some colder weather to los angeles
arriving possibly tomorrow
in any event everyone
have a great day